update documentation to include Widgets.isMoleViewTitleBarLightColor (#15)
InboxSDK/inboxsdk-docs: docs/compose.md

#### openNewComposeView()
Opens a new compose view. Any handlers you've registered for ComposeViews will be called as well. Returns a `Promise<ComposeView>` which will resolve with the new ComposeView once it has opened.

#### isOriginalView()

> Returns boolean true or false if Compose has dark title bar as part of compose original view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns true if the Compose has a dark title bar as part of Gmail's "original view" styling, and returns false if the Compose has a light title bar.
```
